Note that invalid BXML is logged (#682)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/about.md

<img src="../../images/bxml_how.png" style="max-width:95%">

> Note: Improperly formed or invalid BXML will cause the call to fail and generate a detailed error including the invalid BXML that is available to Bandwidth Customer Service.  Please contact Bandwidth Customer Service with any questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Improperly formed or invalid BXML will cause the call to fail and generate a detailed error that includes the invalid BXML; this error is available to Bandwidth Customer Service for debugging purposes. Please contact Bandwidth Customer Service with any questions.
```
